What do you mean?
This child is yours and Gusya's child
Sister, why are you here?
Are you Mr. Yan's assistant?
Qingqing, listen to me
Answer me if he is your child
Mr. Yan's name and sister are
Ah, sorry about that.
I just got back from abroad.
I don't know your new situation.
Do you already have a new family?
I'll take Xiaobao away
I will never see you again
Dad I want dad Xiaobao
We can't destroy other people's families.
And so forth.
Xiaobao is my child
I'm not going to leave him out there.
So you admit it?
You weren't just with him
And a child this big
Don't get excited today
It's not what you think, what do you take me for?
Since you already have children with him
Why are you still messing with me?
Ye Shiqing
I Hate You
Jingjing's father
Don't you want me and my mother?
Xiaobao's father won't want you
I'll talk to you later. Be quiet.
That's nice.
My child remembers that woman just now
With her there
Dad won't marry mom
You don't have a father
Do you know that woman is really a bad woman?
But he hates Xiaobao so much
I didn't hit Xiaobao either?
I'm talking to you
Are you deaf?
please
What about seeing bad women in the future?
Hit him and scold him
Never let him beg to stay
Dad?
This is my flower